.TH mountall 8 2013-12-23 upstart
.\"
.SH NAME
mountall \- Mount filesystems during boot
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mountall
.RI [ OPTIONS ]...
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mountall
is an Upstart
.BR init (8)
helper that mounts filesystems.

It reads
.BR fstab (5)
and supplements the entries found with a set of built-in entries
(generally found in
.IR /lib/init/fstab ")"
and calls
.BR fsck (8),
.BR mount (8)
and
.BR swapon (8)
in the correct order to mount filesystems once the underlying devices
have been created by
.BR udevd (8).
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-daemon
Detach and run in the background.
.TP
.BR \-\-force\-fsck
Force check of all filesystems.
.TP
.BR \-\-fsck\-fix
Attempt to fix all fsck errors.
.TP
.BR \-\-no\-events
Do not emit events after mounting filesystems.
.TP
.BR \-\-dev\-wait\-time=\fIvalue\fP " (in seconds)"
In case of bootwait or timeout: specify the time to wait for device to be
detected.
The default is 30 seconds.
Legal values are between 1 and 2147483647 seconds.
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-quiet
Reduce output to errors only.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Increase output to include informational messages.
.TP
.BR \-\-help
Display this help and exit.
.TP
.BR \-\-version
Output version information and exit.
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Scott James Remnant
.RB < scott@netsplit.com >
.\"
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at 
.RB < https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mountall/+bugs >
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2009-2013 Canonical Ltd.
.PP
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO

.BR all\-swaps (7),
.BR filesystem (7),
.BR init (8),
.BR local-filesystems (7),
.BR mounted (7),
.BR mounting (7),
.BR remote-filesystems (7),
.BR virtual-filesystems (7).

